Docs: Fixed the Cheatcodes Error In Docs (#3133)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/appendix/cheatcodes/block_number.md

Cheatcodes modifying `block_number`:

## `cheat_block_number`
> `fn cheat_block_number(contract_address: ContractAddress, block_number: u64, span: CheatSpan)`

> Changes the block number for the given target and span.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes the block number for the given contract address and span.
```

> Changes the block number for all targets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes the block number for all contracts.
```

## `start_cheat_block_number`
> `fn start_cheat_block_number(contract_address: ContractAddress, block_number: u64)`

> Changes the block number for the given target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes the block number for the given contract address.
```
